>> Jon Kuperman: So application,
this is basically like we have in the web,
all sorts of ways that we can store data.
We've got our cookies, our session
storage, local storage, index dB.
We've got all these great things.
There's a bunch of cool classes
in Frontend Masters for
working with these various technologies.
But the important thing to know is that if
you're storing stuff within the browser,
this is where you can come to inspect it.
To edit it, and probably most importantly,
to clear all site data.
How many people use this application
tab just to clear all site data?
All right, yes, so, yeah, if you ever
get into an area where your login is not
working, or
something is behaving strangely or cast.
You can come to the application and
you can clear all your site data and
that'll kinda give you a fresh state.
On top of that, this site doesn't do much,
but if you go to any of your real sites
that use local storage or session storage,
you can browse tables of key value
pairs and kind of see what's
stored on there, things like that.
Also if you do service worker stuff,
this is where you can do your
mode like simulate offline.
You can see what service
workers are registered.
You can deregister service workers,
all sorts of things like that.
And if you have a progressive web
app that ships as a mobile app.
You can inspect the manifest for it here,
and you can see what its icon will be and
what its color scheme will be,
things like that.
So yeah, this one's mostly just
kind of like read, write, tables.
Perhaps the most useful is
just clearing the cache, yes?
>> Speaker 2: On the networks tab,
there's a disable cache checkbox,
does that affect what
shows up on this tab?
>> Jon Kuperman: No,
that's a great question.
Yeah, so on the network tab,
we have this disable cache and
all this will do is if it was going to
read from the browser's local cache for
like a CSS file or something,
it'll skip that and refetch it again.
However, anything that is stored,
your application manifest,
service worker, stuff like that.
Those caches are going to
persist on the application.
So this, no matter what you have
clicked over here in the network,
you'll still see 100% of things
in the application side.
Memory, not much to say now,
we will end the day with it.
But just know that at any point you
can capture a heap snapshot, and
by clicking that button and that button
will show you sort of everything that is
stored in memory for your application.
This page is just HTML, so quite a bit of
it is surrounded in these parentheses,
meaning it's just some kind
of internal system thing.
But as we get into it, we can see,
if we make a big array,
we can view the array in here.
There's a lot of cool,
advanced stuff you can do with memory.
So if you're working on any
kind of Web Assembly stuff,
which I know there are some
great courses here for.
You can see the actual memory used
by your C++ code or your Rust code.
Similarly, if you're working with
any of the typed array stuff,
which is not in the purview
of this course.
You can see the specific memory
instructions for those as well,
which is really nice.